Docs: Remove "git install" method from instructions (#1375)
readthedocs/sphinx_rtd_theme: docs/changelog.rst

.. seealso:: :ref:`howto_upgrade`

.. |development_version| replace:: 1.1.2alpha1

Development version (|development_version|)
===========================================

Deprecated
----------

> * A reminder to not install the theme directly from Git, we will remove support for this in 3.0

Author: Currently, this section looks a bit empty, so it's nice to have a single item: https://sphinx-rtd-theme.readthedocs.io/en/latest/changelog.html

Author: Maybe the text should be phrased a bit more "clearly"

```suggestion
* Reminder: We will remove support for installing this theme directly from its git repository. Instead, please use releases from PyPi.
```
